- ♪ See me coming ♪
♪ Get off my tracks ♪
♪ I'll be waving on the side ♪
[rock music playing]
- Man, you've got to calm down.
♪ ♪
- I am calm.
- Then put
the damn coaster down.
♪ ♪
[singing continues
indistinctly]
Look,
don't get all squirrelly
on us now.
It'll all be worth it
in the end.
- I'm fine.
I just need another drink,
that's all.
Can we get some more
beers over here, please?
- Yeah, it's coming.
♪ ♪
- Okay, here you go, guys.
All right, can I get
you guys anything else?
- No, we're good with these.
- Okay. Awesome.
[tense music]
Colin, I'm gonna take five.
♪ ♪
Hey.
[sighs]
- [whispers]
Well done, Maggie.
- Hurry, before Park
notices it's missing.
- Anything specific
I should be looking for here?
- Uh, no.
Download everything.
Phone calls,
messages, GPS history.
If they're really planning on
setting off another bomb today,
this phone is our best chance
of zeroing in on their target.
[suspenseful music]
[beeping]
♪ ♪
Are they getting nervous?
- They're pretty uptight.
I don't think they're going
anywhere anytime soon.
They just ordered
their fourth round.
- All right.
What about the manager, Colin?
Has he said anything else?
- No.
And he's made it pretty clear
he doesn't wanna be involved
any more than he already is.
- Well, he did call in the tip,
so it doesn't get much more
involved than that.
- Okay,
I think we got everything.
- Great.
- Okay. Get back in there.
We'll, uh, let you know
if we find anything.
- Okay. Sounds good.
♪ ♪
- [sighs]
[tense music]
- Yo, where the hell
is my phone?
♪ ♪
- Hey, Dom asked
for these boxes to go.
I think
they're heading somewhere.
- What? Where are they going?
- Check your pocket.
- No, I put it right here.
♪ ♪
- Or down on the floor.
I don't know.
♪ ♪
Do you see it down there?
- Here you go.
- Whoa!
- I'm so sorry.
- Come on.
- Hey!
- So sorry.
- Are you kidding me?
- I--I--um...
- Just get something
to clean this up.
It's everywhere.
- I didn't mean to do that.
I'm...
- You guys are right.
- You know what?
- I don't believe this.
- Let me just grab
some napkins for you.
- Jeez.
- I'm so sorry, man.
[both groaning]
♪ ♪
- Is everything okay?
- Yeah. All good.
♪ ♪
[dramatic music]
Hey. Anything?
[keys clacking]
- No. Phone's clean.
- [sighs]
This guy has spewed so much
anti-government rhetoric
over the past few months
that he's ended up
on a federal watchlist,
and you're telling me
there's nothing suspicious
on his phone?
- There's almost nothing at all
on his phone.
- Okay, so you think
maybe they wiped it?
- It's possible.
Definitely looks like
the browser history
has been erased.
- So maybe
he's covering something up.
- Or maybe
our intel is wrong, guys.
♪ ♪
Maybe there isn't another bomb.
- Jen, we're gonna
have to reschedule
my Thursday morning.
I got Career Day
at my daughter's school.
- Got it.
♪ ♪
[booming]
[glass shattering]
♪ ♪
[tense music]
- All right, listen up, folks.
A package bomb just detonated
at a city councilman's office
near city hall,
and the chemical signature
is the same as the bomb
that killed
NYPD Inspector Harland
two weeks ago in Fort Greene.
So it looks like we are dealing
with a serial bomber.
Now this afternoon's
target and victim
is a councilman
named Doug Archer.
39 years old,
married, with two kids.
- Any connection
to the first victim?
- Inspector Harland
was in charge
of one of the precincts in
Archer's district,
but there's no indication
they knew each other
personally.
We're still looking
for a clear nexus.
- What about the group
that Maggie's investigating?
What's their grudge
against the councilman?
- Other than the fact that he
works in government, unclear.
- Right,
we can't even say for sure
that they're involved
right now.
- Two weeks ago, the bar
manager overheard them toasting
to Harland's death,
talking about a big event
that was going down today.
Then a bomb goes off.
That can't be a coincidence.
- Yeah, no, no.
The timing is suspicious.
But we had eyes on Park,
Wright, and Lawson all morning.
They never left the bar.
- There could be
a peripheral player
that we don't know about,
and it's possible
we are looking
in the wrong place.
So for now,
let's work this on two fronts:
keep Maggie
in play at the tavern,
and investigate
any and all hard evidence
we find at the scene.
- Yeah, copy that.
All right. Plug in.
Go to work, people.
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
- How long have you worked
for Councilman Archer?
- A little over six months.
- And are you aware
of any threats
made against him
during that time,
or of anyone that
would've wanted to hurt him?
- No, I--I mean we--
we would get a few frustrated
calls from constituents
every now and then,
but nothing serious.
- Hey, we need to pull
the councilman's phone records,
review every incoming call
from the past month.
- Did your boss ever interact
with a guy named John Harland?
He's a NYPD inspector
here in the district.
- No, not that I know of.
I'm sorry.
- It's okay.
And where were you
when the device detonated?
- I was, um...
I was at my desk
right outside his office.
I was--I was right there. I--
Could've...
- Okay, look.
Look, I know this
is really traumatic,
but I really need you
to think here, okay?
Did you see anyone
other than the councilman
going into his office
before the bomb went off?
- No, I--
[tense music]
♪ ♪
A few minutes before,
Doug was in a meeting.
I went to get a coffee,
and when I came back,
there was a man in the hall.
He could've gone in
while I was away.
- Did you see
what he looked like?
- Yeah, he--he, um--
he was white, older,
maybe 60 or so.
- Do you remember
what he was wearing?
- He had on a hat...
♪ ♪
And a blue parka.
- Yup, right there.
♪ ♪
- He's got a package
under his arm.
Can we get a better angle
on his face?
- Uh, no.
I got a partial
from the camera down the hall.
♪ ♪
But there's a problem.
Facial rec software
isn't recognizing his face.
- Yeah.
- Who the hell is this guy?
- Yeah, doesn't fit the bill
of the extremists
Maggie's under with.
They're young and angry.
He's gotta be in his 60s.
- Well, maybe he's a lone wolf?
- Hey, Kelly,
can you zoom into his jacket?
There's an inscription there.
[beeping]
♪ ♪
Door Hopper. What is that?
- It's an app.
Same-day delivery service.
- He's a courier.
Get Tiff and Scola
down to Door Hopper.
See if they can figure out
who sent that package.
- We didn't have any deliveries
around city hall today.
- Are you sure about that?
- I only have ten couriers
on staff.
If that package had been
through here, I'd know.
- Does this man work for you?
- That's Brian Moore.
He's a new hire.
He's only worked for me
for a couple of weeks.
- You got an address for him?
- No, I'm pretty sure
he's been living
out of homeless shelters.
I figured
I'd give the guy a shot.
Get him back on his feet.
- Is he working today?
- Uh, he should be.
He had a handful of deliveries.
But he hasn't
checked back in yet.
- Okay, we're gonna need
a copy of his schedule.
[tense music]
- All right,
how are we lookin'?
- Not great.
Just talked with Scola.
Moore didn't make
any of the deliveries
he was
assigned to this morning.
- Okay, well, that doesn't
exactly scream "innocent,"
does it?
- Yep. Neither does this.
- What?
- I ran a background check
on Moore, but it bounced back.
The driver's license
attached to his personnel file
is a fake.
The photo on the ID, however,
matches to a Brian Markham.
That's his real name.
- I'm guessing there's a good
reason for using a fake ID?
- Uh, yeah.
A very good one.
He was staring down
a sexual assault trial,
jumped bail instead.
Hasn't been seen since.
- O-okay.
Until he comes
out of the woodwork
to bomb an elected official.
Seems like an odd way
to reappear on the grid
for a rapist, anyway.
He have any connection
to the victims?
- Not that I can see.
But he's been off the grid
for four years.
- Right. All right.
Well, let's track
this guy down.
We need a location, people.
- We're still working
on a current address.
- We do have the card
associated with
the bank account
his paychecks
were deposited into.
- Huh.
Jubal, last transaction
on that card
was for a Greyhound ticket
at the Port Authority
Bus Terminal 20 minutes ago.
- He's skipping town.
Where's he going?
- Transaction doesn't say.
- Okay, Port Authority.
What you got?
- I'm lookin'.
I got a Brian Moore
on the 4:15 to Orlando.
But that bus left the station
12 minutes ago.
- There's still time
to catch it.
Hey, get Scola
back on the line.
Marcus, I need you to call
ahead to the driver of the bus.
Tell him he's got
a fugitive onboard.
We're gonna have him pull over
on Weehawken, yeah?
♪ ♪
- Sorry about this, folks.
Shouldn't take too long.
Just need to do
a quick maintenance check.
♪ ♪
[indistinct chatter]
- Brian Markham, FBI.
Put the bag on the ground
and your hands in the air, now.
[people shrieking]
♪ ♪
- Stay back.
Don't come any closer.
- Take it easy, okay?
We just wanna talk.
- Then put your guns away.
I wanna give you
my side of the story.
- Markham, you need to put
the bag on the ground.
- I didn't know.
You have to believe me.
I didn't know.
- Put the bag down,
and then we can talk about
what you didn't know, okay?
♪ ♪
That's it.
Nice and slow.
♪ ♪
Face away from me.
Walk towards my voice.
Keep coming.
♪ ♪
- It's just clothes.
We're good.
♪ ♪
- Of course I tried to run.
A package
I just delivered exploded.
What the hell
was I supposed to do?
- Well, off the top of my head,
you could've
turned yourself in.
- [scoffs]
Like I said,
I got an outstanding warrant.
I'm looking
at 10 years in prison.
- It's about to get
bumped up to life
if you don't start talkin'.
- I told you
I didn't know it was a bomb.
I was just doing my job,
delivering a package,
trying to make some cash.
- You really expect us
to believe that?
You just so happened
to deliver a bomb?
- The company
that you work for has no record
of that package
in their system.
- Someone paid me to take it.
He didn't tell me
what was inside.
- Who?
- I don't know. Some guy.
A man approached me
outside the shelter
I've been staying in.
Said he'd seen me
making deliveries.
Wanted me
to take a package for him.
- So you just took it?
No questions asked?
- He offered me 100 bucks.
What am I gonna say, no?
♪ ♪
- You remember
what this guy looked like?
- [sighs] No.
He was wearing a hat
and sunglasses.
I couldn't really see his face.
- Did he have any tattoos?
- I don't know.
He was medium height.
Maybe Mexican or Arab.
Could've been
a light-skinned Black guy too.
I'm not really sure.
Look, the only thing that
stood out was his attitude.
He knew
I was living in that shelter.
♪ ♪
Talked to me like I was trash.
Like I wasn't a real person,
you know?
♪ ♪
- Yeah, believe it or not,
Markham's story checks out.
Street cam
near the homeless shelter
caught him accepting a package
from a man
in a hat and sunglasses.
Take a look.
[tense music]
♪ ♪
- Can we ID him?
- No, the hat and glasses
keep us from getting a hit.
- Can you punch in on him?
♪ ♪
[beeping]
- Okay, I can't be sure,
but that does look
like Eric Park,
one of the extremists
that hangs out at the tavern
that Maggie is working at.
Where'd you get this footage?
- Intersection
of Myrtle and Cumberland,
near Fort Greene Park.
- Myrtle and Cumberland.
That is about two blocks
away from the tavern.
It's gotta be him.
- Okay, let's put together
a photo lineup.
See if Markham can ID him.
- Uh, yeah, I mean,
that might be a waste of time.
That guy's description
was all over the place.
Mexican, Arab,
light-skinned Black.
♪ ♪
- All right, Maggie
is gonna have to get in deeper.
♪ ♪
- Well, that sounds
really cute.
- Well, one day
of wearing a princess dress
in second grade is cute.
Five days?
Might qualify as bad parenting.
- I'm sure it's just a phase.
She'll grow out of it.
- Thank you.
- There you go.
- Colin, pilsners.
♪ ♪
- Hey, uh...
hey, let me bring them back.
- I don't think
that's a good idea.
- I need access.
- They don't like people
back there.
♪ ♪
- We made an agreement.
- An agreement?
You made it seem like you were
gonna be in and out of here
in two days.
It's going on two weeks now,
and I'm not comfortable
with all of this.
It's my ass on the line.
- Okay.
It's gonna be fine,
and you need to trust me.
- [sighs]
- Colin,
you called me for a reason.
You're a good person, and
I know you don't want
to see a bunch
of innocent people get killed.
♪ ♪
- [sighs]
- Yeah, man, it's ridiculous
what they're doing in D.C.
- Hold on.
I'll take those.
- I don't mind.
♪ ♪
- I told you.
- Hey.
- What the hell?
- We need to talk.
- About what?
- I--I don't wanna talk here.
- Look, I can hire you
to work at the bar,
but I can't force them
to let you in the back room.
- Okay, can you just listen?
- Who the hell is this?
- This is my partner, OA.
- I keep telling you,
I don't wanna be more involved.
- I understand.
But we need access
to their conversations.
- We need you
to step it up here, Colin.
Okay? People are dying.
- I am not some hero.
I'm not looking
for a medal here.
I have an eight-year-old
daughter at home.
- We need you to wear a wire.
- [sighs]
- You and Dom
have known each other
for a really long time.
Okay?
I need you to get him talking.
Maybe he'll open up to you.
- Dom has been good to me.
He gave me a job
when nobody else was hiring.
He pays me enough
to look after my daughter.
- Okay, again, Colin,
people's lives are on the line.
- I did my part.
If I overhear anything,
I will let you know.
But that's it.
That's as far as I go.
- Okay, we can still plant
a mic in the back room.
- There's a reason we didn't go
that route from the jump.
It is too risky,
and Colin can get us answers
way faster
than sitting on a wire.
- I know that,
but we asked him,
and he said no.
- You have a soft spot for him?
- Colin is a good guy.
And yeah, he called it in,
but that doesn't make him
obligated to risk his life
for us to make our case.
- Look, I just know that your
last undercover assignment
kind of ended on a bad note,
and I--
- This has nothing
to do with that.
- [sighs] You sure?
- If we push Colin any further,
he might withdraw
his cooperation altogether.
♪ ♪
- Okay.
A listening device it is.
♪ ♪
[dramatic music]
- Hey, OA?
Testing, one, two, three.
- Hey!
- Man, look at this van.
This thing has been parked
out here every day this week.
- I'm on the company website.
Says they got offices
a couple blocks away, man.
Seems legit, right?
- Nah, I don't know, man.
Do you see any construction
on this block?
- OA, you hearing me?
[suspenseful music]
♪ ♪
- Anyone in there?
[knocking]
- Open up!
[pounding]
♪ ♪
- OA, are you getting
the signal?
Do you copy?
[pounding]
- Hey, anybody in there?
♪ ♪
Sketchy as hell.
- Get out of there, Maggie.
You got company.
- Colin.
[dramatic music]
- What are you doing?
- Dom is on his way here
right now.
I need you to stall him.
- No, no way.
- If he finds me doing this,
we're both screwed.
Please, hurry.
- Damn it.
Hey. Guys, guys,
I thought you
were coming in later.
I haven't had time
to tap the new kegs yet.
- Just pull up an IPA.
- All right.
Hey, Dom, while you're here,
actually,
can I run something by you?
♪ ♪
- Can it wait?
- Well, it's the...
liquor report.
It's got, um, the--there's
a bottle of Jameson
that's just--
it's unaccounted for.
I...
- Okay.
I don't know.
Just watch the new girl.
- Yeah.
- Is somebody back there?
♪ ♪
Look, this
is what I pay you for.
Okay? Figure it out.
If she's stealing something,
just fire her.
All right?
- Yeah.
♪ ♪
- Thank you.
- That was out of line.
Don't you dare
put me in that position again.
Do you understand?
♪ ♪
[phones ringing]
- How's it going?
We get anything?
- Uh, a bit of vitriol
about the state of the world,
but mostly
just vague small talk.
- They did mention
another guy, though.
The Duke.
Do we know who that is?
- Um, I don't think so.
What's the context?
- Park has a meeting
with him later.
He wanted Dom to go along.
Watch his back.
Make sure
he wasn't being followed.
- O-okay, that's promising.
When is it?
- They didn't say when,
but they said it would be
at Brantley Towers
in Sunset Park.
I think it's
a apartment building.
- Yeah, yeah.
We can work with that.
All right, y'all, check it out.
We have a new development.
We are now looking for a man
known as the Duke.
The Duke has business
with our extremists,
operates out of Brantley Towers
in Sunset Park.
How fast can you get me
property records?
- Uh, give me two minutes.
- The Duke, that name track
with any of Park or Wright's
known associates?
- No, but I will check
social media posts
around Sunset Park,
see if anywhere pops.
Do we know if the Duke
is a proper name?
- Uh, I don't think so.
They referred to him as
the Duke,
like a title.
- Hey, Maya, do you have any
unmarked cars in the area
at Sunset Park?
- Yeah, I can check.
What do you need us to do?
- Just keep eyes on the place
until we get there.
If the suspects show up,
alert us.
Don't let them out of sight.
- You got it.
- All right, thanks.
- Okay, Brantley Towers
isn't quite as grand
as its name suggests.
It's a 16-unit building,
only 23 residents.
- Any names popping out?
- Uh, there's a guy named
Luca Dukowski.
"Duke" could be a nickname.
- Any connection
to Park or Wright?
- Don't know, but they both
have a shared affinity
for explosives.
- Yeah?
- Dukowski just finished
serving an eight-year sentence
at Sing Sing.
Stole ANFO
from a construction site.
- Wait,
when was he at Sing Sing?
- Uh, June 2013 to May 2021.
- That means
he overlapped with Park.
- Yeah, yeah.
- They shared
the same cell block.
- Okay, that should be enough
for a warrant.
I'll work on that.
You guys head to Sunset Park.
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
- Federal agents!
We have a warrant!
- Flood in, flood in, flood in!
- On the walls!
♪ ♪
- FBI!
[gunshots]
- Ah!
♪ ♪
[indistinct shout]
- Got one down!
♪ ♪
- All right, Tiff.
Why don't we clear out until we
get a bomb tech on-site here?
- Copy that.
♪ ♪
[indistinct chatter]
[sighs]
Bomb techs confirmed these
are explosive materials,
but they didn't find any
completed devices.
- Okay.
Well, then what's this meeting
with Park and Dom about?
If Dukowski's building
something for these guys,
it's gotta be here.
- Unless the meeting
already happened.
I mean, they beat us to it,
picked up the next
package bomb already.
- Tiff, we might not be looking
for another package bomb.
- What is that?
- It's a blueprint
for a truck bomb.
If this is what Dukowski is
building for these extremists,
we're not talking about
another individual attack.
They are gearing up
for another Oklahoma City.
♪ ♪
- All right, people,
listen up.
Based on evidence found
at Dukowski's apartment,
it looks like
Park, Wright, and Lawson
are planning a truck bomb.
And unfortunately, they shook
the tail we had on them
this morning,
so we cannot confirm
that they were ever
at Brantley Towers.
And ERT has been unable
to find any physical evidence
tying them to Dukowski
or the bomb lab.
So it is up to us
to connect the dots
and find these explosives
before they launch
another attack.
So let's do that, shall we?
Go to work.
- Sir.
- Ian.
- Lab confirmed that
in addition to the Semtex,
there were traces
of ammonium nitrate
and nitromethane
at the apartment.
- Okay,
so it's a fertilizer bomb.
Any idea
where they got the materials?
- Uh, no.
I've ran financials
on all three extremists
and Dukowski.
No sign
that they bought the stuff.
So it was probably stolen.
- Yeah.
Find out who
the major distributors
of ammonium nitrate
in the area are,
and see if they've had
any recent thefts, yeah?
- Yep.
- Uh, let's talk
about the actual truck itself.
- It's a crude diagram.
We don't know
the make and model.
None of our suspects have
trucks registered
in their names, and there's
no credit card activity
suggesting they've
rented something.
- Yeah, but fertilizer bombs
are heavy.
Blueprint shows there are ten
55-gallon barrels in the truck.
You fill them to the top,
and you're looking at...
7,000 pounds
in the back of that truck.
There are only two pickups
on the market
that can handle
that kind of payload.
It's gotta be either
a Ford F-350
or a Dodge Ram 3500,
likely with an 8-foot bed.
- I did not know
you were a truck guy.
- Farm family.
- Oh.
Well, you learn
something new every day.
All right, so I guess we're
looking for a Ford F-350
or a Dodge Ram 3500.
Start calling salvage yards
and looking
into car theft reports
for the last few months.
Oh, and send that info
over to OA.
Make sure Maggie knows what
she's looking for on her end.
Yeah?
- Got it.
[tense music]
- I've never seen any
of these guys drive a truck.
- Okay.
Any chatter at all?
[phone beeps]
- No, nothing. I'm sorry.
- [sighs]
- [sighs heavily]
- What's--what's going on?
That's, like, the fifth time
you've checked your phone.
- My babysitter's got some
family emergency, and I...
can't find anybody to watch Ava
while--while I'm here.
- Today?
Okay, well, you should go
be with her.
Really, I--I can handle this.
Listen, they ask me where you
are, I'll just tell them
you're with your daughter.
Please, I can handle this.
Go be with Ava.
[upbeat rock music playing]
♪ ♪
[tense music]
- Jubal.
- Yeah? What'd you get?
- You gotta hear this.
- Okay.
- Crazy coincidence.
- It's not a coincidence, man.
- Is this live?
- Yeah, they just heard that
we hit the Duke's apartment.
- An hour after we meet him,
the feds raid his place?
Someone's talking.
- Don't look at me.
- Well, what about your boy,
Colin?
He's been in and out of here
serving drinks.
Maybe he heard something.
- I've known Colin
for 15 years.
He doesn't stick his nose
in other people's business.
- Well, somebody
said something.
- What about
the new waitress?
We trust her?
- They're talking about Maggie.
- Yeah, yeah. Stay on it.
- OA, listen up.
We got a problem.
The boys in the back room
are spooked
about the Duke takedown.
They think there's a link.
One of the guys
just asked about Maggie,
was wondering
if she's trustworthy.
- Okay, you want me
to pull her?
- Nah, you have to stay loose.
We'll keep tabs
on the conversation here.
But I want you inside the bar,
monitoring things up-close.
If things go sideways,
I want you to intervene.
Understand?
- Yeah. Copy that.
♪ ♪
- Hey. Macallan, neat.
- Ah, aristocrat, huh?
- Yeah.
[upbeat rock music playing]
- What's up?
- The raid--[sighs]
- Hey.
- It's Maggie, right?
- Yeah. What's up?
- Well, just occurred to me
you've been working here
two weeks, and I don't know
anything about you.
- Well, I'm an open book.
So ask me whatever you want.
- How do you know Colin?
- I don't.
Um, I came here,
and I got a drink
a couple weeks ago.
He said you guys were hiring.
So I filled out an application,
and here we are.
- Where is Colin, by the way?
- Uh, he--he had to go home
for a minute.
- Sort of early.
- Well, something came up
with his daughter.
- Happens a lot?
- What do you mean?
- Him going to see his kid,
you know,
duck out of work.
- No.
This was the first time.
- Hmm.
♪ ♪
You see him talking to anyone?
Notice anyone new
hanging around here?
- No.
- Hey, man.
We got a problem.
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
- What the hell is going on?
- The raid at Dukowski's house
spooked them.
They think someone's
talking to the feds.
- Well, they clearly suspect
Colin, so we need to warn him.
- Okay,
if it's a credible threat.
Hold on, it's Jubal.
♪ ♪
- Okay, they can hear Wright
scanning the room
with a bug detector.
- Right now?
- Yeah.
And they found the wire.
All right,
let's get the hell out of here.
Come on. Cut our losses.
Let's go.
- Yeah, uh, okay.
♪ ♪
Hey, everything okay?
- Closing time.
- Where's the van?
- Uh, they made it, and if they
see it in their rearview,
they're gonna know
they're being tailed.
- Fine, jump in my UC car.
♪ ♪
- I don't care
what you gotta do.
Just handle it.
♪ ♪
- They're splitting up.
- That's okay.
We'll go after the SUV.
We'll get Dom later.
- No, I think that Dom
is going after Colin.
- You don't know that.
- Why else
would they be splitting up?
They think that Colin's a rat.
It is our job
to protect him, OA.
- Okay, but Park and Wright
could be going after the bombs,
so we'll send
a patrol car to Colin's.
- No, they're never
gonna make it in time.
Come on, he lives
right around the corner.
- [sighs] Okay.
I'll get Jubal on the SUV.
Jubal,
our guys are splitting up.
We have Dom,
but we need you to track
down a red Jeep Grand Cherokee.
New York plates.
Juliet, India, Delta...
- Yep, copy that.
All right, everybody.
Our suspect's on the move.
We're looking for
a red Grand Cherokee.
License plate is J-I-D-1-0-2-7.
Put a BOLO out.
Let me know as soon
as we have eyes on it.
You guys head to Brooklyn.
I'll update you
as soon as we have location.
And Elise, call Peter.
Tell him
we need air support up, now.
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
[tires squeal]
- FBI!
Show me your hands, Dom.
- Put 'em up!
- You're a fed?
♪ ♪
Did you know?
- Daddy?
- Ava, you go upstairs
and finish your movie,
okay, honey?
Don't come out of your room
until I say so.
- You son of a bitch.
You son of a bitch.
I was coming here to warn you.
Tell you to take
a couple weeks off.
- Where's your gun?
- I don't have a gun!
After everything that
I've done for you, Colin?
- This isn't what you think.
- This is exactly what I think.
- I said, "Where's your gun?"
- I don't have one!
♪ ♪
I should've
just let them kill you.
♪ ♪
- Yep, got it.
Hey, that was Tiffany.
They found
Wright's SUV abandoned
at a garage near Commerce
and Richards in Red Hook.
She said there's a traffic cam
less than a block away.
♪ ♪
- Okay, I've got the Jeep.
- Yeah?
Okay, yeah, there it is.
Parking.
♪ ♪
They're heading that way. Okay.
Heading west.
Can we get eyes
on where they go next?
- Uh, let me see what's nearby.
Okay,
this is from down the block.
- Stop it right there.
That's a Ford F-350.
It's the same truck as the one
in the Duke's blueprints.
- Yeah, yeah, can you punch in
to the driver?
Yeah, that's them.
The truck bed is covered
with a cap.
It's gotta be the explosives.
- This bombing's happening now.
- Yeah.
♪ ♪
- Come on, people,
we got 7,000 pounds
of explosives
moving through the city,
and we do not know
where it's going.
We need to change that.
Hey, Maya.
- Yeah?
- We need every patrol car
in Brooklyn looking
for that truck,
and blast out photos
of Wright and Park.
If anyone sees anything,
loop us in immediately.
- Copy that.
- Thank you.
- We should also send photos
to all the government agencies
in the area.
Until we know more,
they are all potential targets.
- Yeah, that's a good thought.
Alicia--
- I'm on it.
- Okay, great. All right.
So we have air support up
and circling the area
near the garage
where they picked up the truck.
But so far, they have not
been able to get eyes on it.
- What about the truck?
Can we tap into that?
- Well, it's a newer model,
so it should have GPS.
But the plates on it are fake.
We don't have the VIN.
We don't know what vehicle
to tap into.
- I don't understand
how this happened.
I thought Maggie and OA
had eyes on him.
- Uh, yeah, well,
the group split up.
Maggie thought Dom
was the most immediate threat.
It was a game-time decision.
They can't all be right,
I guess.
- Well, now we're
relying on Dom.
They need to press him
and get him talking.
- Dom, it's over.
We have Park and Wright. Okay?
The two people that you
conspired with on camera
in the truck that's
being used for the bombing.
Now, this thing goes off,
you're looking at life
in prison.
But if you help us, you tell us
where this truck is going,
and we get there in time?
- I'm not interested
in working with the feds.
You can save your breath.
- Do not be a martyr
for Park and Wright, man.
They would not do it for you,
and we can work out a deal.
- I'm not interested in a deal.
What I'm interested in
is change.
And this is the only way
that I can make that happen.
- Dom, don't be an idiot.
Talk to them.
- Just stay the hell
out of this, Colin.
- Dom, I am trying to help you.
You really can't be comfortable
killing innocent people.
- Innocent?
You think that these people
are innocent?
[breathing heavily]
They're the reason
that my sister is dead!
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
- Dom said the people
they're targeting
are responsible
for his sister's death.
You know anything about that?
He say anything to you?
- Dom says a lot of things.
- Okay, start talking, Colin.
- His sister, Tory,
she used to work at the bar.
About three months ago,
she was cutting through
Fort Greene Park
on her way home, and...
one of the homeless men
from the shelter that's there
grabbed her,
tried to get her bag.
And when she resisted,
he stabbed her.
- Okay, you said
the homeless shelter
near Fort Greene Park?
- Yeah.
♪ ♪
- So the homeless shelter
in Fort Greene
is relatively new.
It was converted
from an old church
about six months ago
as part of the initiative
to address
the recent homeless problem.
Our second bombing victim,
Councilman Archer,
was the driving force
behind the project.
- Okay, so there's our nexus.
I'm guess the shelter
was under Inspector Harland's
jurisdiction?
- Bingo, and because it
was declared as safe haven,
he ordered his officers not
to police the area around it.
Neighborhood ended up
getting flooded
with drugs, mental illness.
Violent crime
is at an all-time high.
- You're right, so that
explains why Dom is so angry.
What--what about the other two?
What's their stake in this?
- Well, Park and Wright
have been on
the federal watch list
for months.
They're hate-mongers.
I think they were looking
for a target
and Dom gave it to them.
- Yeah,
we think they're heading
to the Fort Greene shelter.
Elise, have the helicopter
head over to the intersection
of Myrtle and Carlton
in Fort Greene.
As soon as they get a visual
on the truck,
we're gonna dispatch
the bomb unit.
Make sure they're ready.
- You want NYPD help
with an evac?
- Uh, yeah, we need
all the help we can get.
Thanks.
- Maggie and OA
are the closest.
- Thank you.
Hey, OA,
so we think they're going
for the Fort Greene Shelter.
Head over there.
We'll send Tiff and Scola
on the way.
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
- Guys.
Black F-350.
- That's the one.
- I think I got eyes
on Park and Wright.
Yup, it's them.
♪ ♪
- [shouts]
- [grunting]
- Eric Park, stop running!
- Hands! Show me your hands!
- Turn around.
Put your hands up.
You got nowhere to go, man.
Put your hands up!
Put them up!
[beeping]
- Timer's 3 minutes
and 36 seconds.
How far is the bomb squad?
- Still another eight minutes.
I mean, I could call Hill.
Maybe he could talk us
through it.
- In three minutes?
I don't know.
- Hey, listen to me.
You cannot let
this thing detonate.
You hear me?
You're gonna kill dozens
of innocent people,
and you'll go down
for mass murder.
- We can't disarm the bomb.
- Why not?
These people
are not government agents.
- You don't understand.
We can't stop it
if we wanted to.
So we all need to get
the hell out of here now.
- All right, we should evacuate
everyone now.
- Listen, a bomb this big is
gonna blow up the entire block.
I mean, we can try.
I--I don't--I don't know
what else to do.
- Let's go.
- Navy yard's close.
- It's six blocks north.
Maggie!
What are you doing?
Maggie, get out of the truck.
Please, Maggie, don't--
Maggie!
[beeping]
[tense music]
♪ ♪
[tires squealing]
[rapid beeping]
♪ ♪
[timer beeps]
[booming]
- [grunts]
[explosion continues]
[engine revs]
[tires squeal]
- [sighs]
- Thank you.
- Jeez, Maggie.
- I'm fine.
Just a few scrapes.
- You scared the hell
out of me today.
What were you thinking?
- If that thing would've gone
off around all of those people,
that would have been on me.
It--it's my fault
that we didn't get here sooner.
I really thought
that Colin was in trouble.
And if anything would have
happened to him...
[somber music]
♪ ♪
- You sure this
has nothing to do
with your last undercover case?
You got really close
to that woman, and then...
you know.
- Yeah.
I don't ever want a good person
to get hurt
for doing the right thing.
♪ ♪
Hey, Colin.
You going out of town?
- We're moving.
- You're moving? Where?
- New Hampshire.
Gonna go stay
with my parents for a while.
♪ ♪
- Uh, I just wanted
to check on you.
I know that yesterday
was a lot.
- "A lot"?
I--I had my life threatened.
You put my daughter at risk.
I told you
those guys were dangerous,
and you threw me
right into the line of fire.
- We were dealing
with terrorists.
- Oh, yeah, sure.
You made your case.
You saved the day.
Who cares who you have to burn
along the way?
- That's not--[sighs]
[solemn music]
♪ ♪
[dramatic music]
[wolf howls]